# ---------------------
# (+) - установлено
# (-) - не устанавливаем
# Далее указаны зависимые пакеты, т.е. пакеты, которые зависят от текущего пакета
# ---------------------

freetds                             apr-util
http://www.freetds.org/

mysql                               (-) apr-util, cyrus-sasl
https://www.mysql.com/

aspell-dict-en                      (+)
http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/blfs/view/stable/general/aspell.html

aspell-dict-ru                      (+)
http://www.linuxfromscratch.org/blfs/view/stable/general/aspell.html

libedit
https://www.thrysoee.dk/editline    (-) sqlite

libmetalink                         curl
https://launchpad.net/libmetalink/

librtmp                             curl
http://rtmpdump.mplayerhq.hu/

spnego                              curl
http://spnego.sourceforge.net/

libmpdec                            python3
http://www.bytereef.org/mpdecimal/

sphinx                              cmake
https://pypi.org/project/Sphinx/

krb4                                cyrus-sasl
https://stuff.mit.edu/afs/net.mit.edu/project/attic/krb4/

dmalloc                             cyrus-sasl
https://dmalloc.com/

saxon6                              docbook-xsl
https://sourceforge.net/projects/saxon/files/saxon6/

xerces2-java                        docbook-xsl
http://xerces.apache.org/xerces2-j/

bindfs                              glib
https://bindfs.org/

markdown                            gobject-introspection
https://pypi.org/project/Markdown/

cython                              (+) yasm
https://cython.org/

autogen                             gnutls
https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/autogen/

cmocka                              gnutls
https://cmocka.org/

datefudge                           gnutls
http://ftp.debian.org/debian/pool/main/d/datefudge/

trousers                            gnutls
https://sourceforge.net/projects/trousers/files/

bpf-utils                           iptables
https://github.com/tadamdam/bpf-utils

libnfnetlink                        iptables
https://netfilter.org/projects/libnfnetlink/

libnetfilter-conntrack              iptables
https://netfilter.org/projects/libnetfilter_conntrack/

nftables                            iptables
https://netfilter.org/projects/nftables/

lzip                                (+) ed
https://www.nongnu.org/lzip/lzip.html

umockdev                            libgudev
https://github.com/martinpitt/umockdev

mono                                libidn
https://www.mono-project.com/

help2man                            libmbim, libqmi
https://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/help2man/

# vim:ft=conf
